What does it look like?
• Point: Begin the paragraph with a clear topic sentence that directly addresses the research topic (or a theme within it). This should set the focus of the paragraph, presenting a specific issue to be discussed.
• Evidence: Support your point with relevant, credible evidence (we'll explain how in a minute). Cite and reference your sources using APA 7th edition.
Explanation: This is where you interpret the evidence, show its significance, and connect it back to your overall argument. This is where you critically engage with the material, demonstrating your understanding of how the evidence supports your point and links to the overall argument of your essay/report.
• Link: Conclude the paragraph by linking back to the theme/research topic, or transitioning to the
next point in your argument. This ensures the paragraph contributes clearly to the overall structure
of the work and helps to create a coherent flow in your writing.






Title Page

Statement of Originality
Introduction Research Question(s) and Objectives (400 words)
Initial Literature Review (800 words)
Proposed Methodology and Trial Analysis (700 words)
Closing statement (200 words)

Reference List
Appendices












Appendices pdf to txt..

Initial codes and themes and initial codebook:
Codes
well-being; mental health, happiness, physical health, cognitive health, welfare
Theme
Definion
Key Quotes
Employee Wellbeing
"The employee wellbeing definition refers to the state of employees' mental and physical health, resulting from dynamics within -- and sometimes outside - the workplace."
*One organization that has invested considerable amount of resources to track well-being of peoples across the world is the Gallup Press. The Gallup-Healthways Well-being Index defines well-being as an index of life evaluation, emotional health, physical health, healthy behaviours, work environment, and basic access"
"organizations that foster greater employee well-being more productive and more profitable in the long run "
*Scientific articles tackle the problem of the Great Resignation in various contexts. The aspects of psychological stress, and occupational burnout, as well as symptoms of depression and anxiety, are strongly emphasized"
"Mental health is a growing concern amongst UK employers, yet eight in ten employers currently have no mental health policy.
"The Employee Wellbeing Research 2018 report revealed that 73 per cent of respondents said high pressure working environments are now the biggest threat to well-being and are worried about the negative impact on their employees.
"The line manager has a key role. Good line management can promote better health and well-being and improved performance."
2007 that only 29 per cent of UK employees believed their senior managers were sincerely interested in their well-being, only 31*
employee participation, worker engagement, employee envolvement;
Employee Engagement
Gen Z, Zoomers, young generation, digital
generation
Generation Z
economic and social
conditions; social setting. sociocultural context
Social Context
working climate,
professional environment; business environment
work environment
"Work engagement can be described in various ways. One of the most comprehensive definitions puts it as self-expression on a physical, emotional, and mental level during professional performance. Cognitive engagement means mental concentration at work or simply thinking about it, putting lots of attention into it. Emotionally engaged employees express positive feelings towards their work, like excitement, joy, and enthusiasm
"One of the most comprehensive scales that is widely used in industry is the Q12 scale, developed by Gallup. Gallup understands work engagement as the involvement and enthusiasm of employees in their work and workplace."
⚫the most significant is its influence on employee retention"
"Engagement is not just about macro-economics. There is a measurable and significant win for the individual engaged employee. Studies in this field demonstrate beyond doubt that individuals maximise their psychological well-being when they are engaged in meaningful work that provides positive emotional experiences. As our working lives extend with growing longevity, people will want and demand a greater sense of well-being at work."
"Engagement also brings a clear win for the individual employee. Because it is achieved by making changes that positively impact on how employees think and feel about what they experience at work, it is likely to impact positively on their well-being too."
"Generation Z, people born between 1997 and the early 2010s. Gen Z, as often referred to, will soon surpass Millennials as the most populous generation on earth."
"specific circumstance or general environment that serves as a social framework for individual or interpersonal behavior."
zoomers (another way to describe Generation Z) do choose a job according to the salary, the factors that keep them in an organization are non-financial." *Younger employees report more overall stress and work-related burnout than older generations. Sixty-eight percent of Gen Z and younger millennials report feeling stress a lot of the time." "Sixty-five percent of millennials rate greater work-life balance and better personal wellbeing as "very important" when considering a new job."
Gen Zs and millennials have high expectations for their employers and for businesses overall. They continue to believe that business leaders have a significant role to play when it comes to addressing ocial and environmental issues."
*Over half of respondents acknowledge that their employers are taking mental health more seriously, and that their efforts to improve workplace mental health are having a positive impact. But mental health support and resources are still under-utilized, likely due to the societal and workplace stigma that still surrounds them."
"In recent years, there have been dramatic changes in the context in which work is performed. The process of globalization, advances in technology, increased competition, work intensification, diversification of the workforce, increased number of women in the workforce, and the blurring of boundaries between work and family are some of the changes that have impacted the work environment"
"One of the currently observed phenomena caused by the coronavirus pandemic and related restrictions is so-called great resignation."
"Because of the unexpected changes in business practices tempted by the COVID-19 pandemic, human resource (HR) specialists are working hard to guide and help employees in adapting to the new way of working"
"it's a combination of all the elements that can affect your day-to-day professional productivity and satisfaction, including when, where and how you work.
"From this data, it is clear that the low work-environment component is lowering the composite Well-being Index score. In comparison to USA, the UK work-environment index score fared far worse,"
"concluded that creating work environments that enable people to flourish have proved to be very challenging"